well I wanted to comment I wanted to comment
and watch with you the trailer for Space
Jam Space Jam 2 okay because I love it I
love it so much okay and in fact along the
way we talked a little bit about how
laborious it seems to you think I
love it so much I'm looking forward to seeing
the movie either I love it I love it I'm crazy about it I
liked it so much I would
like to buy that house also
very basketball camps it's the end it
has it has incredible potential and I
can help you today the chocas
the chocas okay we liked it I like it it's
not what I want dad never
let me do what I want never let me
be me hey but I really choose to
wait but but but
the joker looks at pits the joker
here is the joker I ca
n't distinguish you
must not be much more
but not
the bad team thanks
Tony thank you very much hey but
why does the time come on in the background the
Eiffel Tower with this
okay here is the bunny that's also
okay here we see more people but I can't see
a [ __ ] thing I can't distinguish a damn thing
okay I can't distinguish a damn thing
yours
look here it is  the mask
here is the shell
and just by being here the whole masquerade goes
ball
and the car went up again around here ok
[Music] I'm
sure the movie will be seen you'll see
many, many changes in the movie
I'm sure there will be many, many
changes it
's in his family I understand
because of the Eiffel Tower man because
of the Eiffel Tower
but in the zinc Carrió yes man I don't think it will be
done by computer or the same if
who we will see it no this is a wink
okay wink to
a basketball player who does the
same thing okay this is a very mythical scene
in American basketball
hello javi how about what was happening FIFA and
in the end it's going to be used YouTube consumes
more data and I can't lock the phone
to put it in my pocket a kiss
shoulder
thanks honey it's that we were
uploading it there to see for myself yes because we
started uploading it there but people do
n't see it
so to upload it to gratinate not for
free but to waste time uploading
that having to be taking the
live videos removing the image
converting it to the audited file so
that  I see that people, I what they dedicate
to VAT is that it doesn't happen that the
Spotify server costs money, I mean, it's not because it's
not Monetti but it costs the truth or
net of Escobedo the van to the
van thank you very much look for it in
four months there are 70 thousand 60 visits of course
and it costs money to maintain the server
so surely not surely we will not
continue uploading, for me if I
had continued having the content on your side
but the thing is that we have to pay him
like the server is like how much it was it was
50 euros 25 euros every three or four
hours and it's like three or four hours for
us every day
[Music]
[Applause]
you can put him
to block the mobile
to block the mobile I think with
the mobile blocked and you can see Marta
thank you very much welcome with the mobile
blocked and you can continue listening
no
and from being here on the mobile screen
like two points
xd of sen of her she is going to do the voice of
Lola Banjo ce I know I know
but of course it is going to be in the
original version we don't care if she
makes it enter Spain no  nothing no I think
that if it is that you can continue listening
think here like the browser the
locked screen
and 8 the and simoes very cool very cool guy
look at the hair look at the teeth and
looking at everything very cool
and now
but here is the mask again I
love it I love it I love it so
much the movie
[Music]
eye ​​eye the ice lord the
ice king look at all the people discovered
spit up here look in the
van
eye eh
little eyes
what is old school there is
here
in a hurry thank you very much there is something here
that just made sense to me they should
n't have made the old lady
of flesh and blood I
mean if
LeBron James when he enters the
real world he becomes a cartoon and
when it happens or rather the other way around
and when it passes to the real world he becomes
flesh and blood the old lady should have been made
of flesh and blood and
done with special effects
something like that maybe no
and do these things and so on but
being of flesh and blood no
Carolina thank you very much
buffon and she doesn't turn into a
real rabbit let's see  convert to well well let's
see a real rabbit
then why does he turn into a
cartoon is that no I do
n't know
[Music]
discount for seniors 30 points
and
I love it I love well the Lola
Molina theme the theme the work and we're going to put
a video here of the series because
surely your opinion is very different like
against mine no but what do you think about
you seriously the videos are seen with the
blocked one like this hey I'm going to have
to ask your brother how much
money he makes promoting Break I'm
going to have to promote it here
too
[Music]
what do you think has been a sack
for the people who supported that he
washed it nor would it have changed
or for the people who complained that he has
changed and in the end he hasn't
changed for whom has it been the shaka I
think for everyone a little
because it has not been anything at all of what was
expected nothing of what we did not count
on this we had a rabbit that
looked totally different the criticism
for me from my point of view is I don't know
about the others but the criticism for me
was not that the rabbit was not
sexualized  and she didn't have boobs and she didn't
have those clothes and she wasn't sexy the
criticism for me you know that I repeated
a lot of times no where there are children
the word children never has to be
related to the word sex okay
so for me the criticism wasn't from me
no for example if you tell me
that the bunny had a huge cleavage
or took sensual positions
or you could see her ass cheek in the
basketball outfit
then if you agree that it should be
eliminated no but it's that no way not even
20 years ago they were going to do that
in a
cartoon series for children there are
cartoons that are not for children
that are not childish okay therefore
the complaint was not that she wasn't
sexualized and that those who were
complaining I know they make of that thing about the
crow not having boobs
because if they wanted to make it happen with the
bunny no the criticism was taking a
character that had her personality that
was a conceited bunny that looked
pretty here we see her in the thumbnail that
says jordi guayaquil that she looked pretty okay
coco with that body and that the rabbit  she
liked it no the roll doesn't clarify
they put her with wide hips short with
a very big head the criticism was the
reason
yes yes thank you very much the reason why
the bunny's appearance changed
and the reason was feminism and the
good that she said okay what Pepe said totally
exaggerated
totally exaggerated let's see what
happens here
and what happens guys how are you the
truth is that I'm quite good it's just
that I have the feeling that it's been
too long since any
important youtuber has had a photo of
their dick leaked it's not like the feeling that it's
been too long since the town case
like she's playing a new
important season of the positive anime
I think that I think it's been so long since
we had a good season and I'm feeling
a little down in the kilometers
luckily we have athletic shop the new
store is obviously the wta for me no the
saddest thing is that they canceled pepe le
pew well yes because they were very
funny characters but it has to be they do
n't have to have canceled the
character if there was a
specific scene okay some specific scene
that maybe because she was wearing what the
character did was the  stink no the
kid you the stink
well let's see really really you can
understand a lot of things with that character a
little let's see let's see let's see
pepe
pp
how would you spell pp lp
the beautiful soft and it's fatal
[Music]
to me
to my little one dorada and this is love
friendship is not like that men there is no
need for us to go to the case
of the man listen to me listen to me
listen to me
the music of the crisis environment here
man listen to me let's see we
understand that the intention is not bad
okay we
but listen to me a little bit a little bit of
pressure there yes they put a lot of money
forces they are already forcing a little eh
the forces of a little bit a child is not going to
see that now but let's see Chavez
or yes now I
shut up seriously seriously if on top of that you
are telling me that he throws the aroma
it is as if they threw him
as if they threw a drug no
now thank you very much let's see what I understand
of the intention is bad that he
has the intention is bad but now
listen to me that  I blew the smell, let's
see, let's see,
goodbye pp puts speedy gonzalez and
labors and asked saleh also why
the controversial cancellation that is
dividing the world there
could be people who no longer did
things but incorrect
and
javi dear I give you money because out of
nowhere some pesos appeared in my
bank account
hey case alegría I don't see that you appear
out of nowhere some principles no
and that's how it has been
why
and of course the stereotypes have to be
stereotypes there always have to be there
always have to be no character
like that represents Mexico while he
loves them the intention is not to make fun of them and things
like that
the clothes but they still generate a
brutal change at the same time and react to
dan's video about the cancellation of
dragonball in spain it is interesting
to see while walking darán has made a video
in fact well today we have another topic we are on
top of time but if that if not
today tomorrow of course by
force ok that means that we are not going to
know what to force is wrong for
that reason murder movies
should not exist a movie for
murder because they show the family
of speedy as sloths and thieves there is
nothing wrong with a bug [ __ ] but
the question of antel to the private
enough to create a little it talks
about roger rabbit and jessica rabbit what a
disney movie xd I think I have seen it like
five times as a child it has fabric x of
that movie it is made but that is
in the roger rabbit movie
welcome from eyes welcome
who framed roger david rating
thanks and one
age rating not recommended for
children under 7 years okay roger rabbit from
disney sing well it is from disney and it is from
disney's assets but it is like anna
succession with the biggest houses in
cartoons like
that it does not come out thank you
very much thank you very much the stress
was not politically controversially
correct and since it is a movie for the
youngest because wearing a top
seemed totally unnecessary to me
but it is not that different or rather it is not seen
like here in this poster we have
already seen in the trailer that it does not
look that different his clothes
change his clothes but others yes but we
cannot even
this type of scenes no maybe the one
that would be a little unnecessary in a movie
for  children no if you're telling me a
movie from a certain
age with another age rating okay
but this scene does change a little bit
not everyone drooling around it's
a small scene it's a movie for
children I mean I
understand that she's pretty that she has
a nice body yes that I wouldn't
take that away okay but but to change it I
mean that she has these clothes and these types of
scenes not where they do these
shots no and they're all next to each other and
drooling I think that there could be another
way of representing what is not
so they're not going to see that this is watching
to promote anything good I dedicated myself we're
going to talk today well a few months ago it
was announced but it's not about
progress no progress about you dress
how you want don't dress how you want it's about
that a movie for children is
not open to teenagers in a movie
for children it
's a movie for children if they
change me to Jessica Rabbit then I would get
angry too and it's not that it happens to me with
a cartoon with them that Jessica
Rabbit has to be like this she
has to be like this it's her personality it
's her personality and here the change that has been
made to her which is not that much  like the one who was
speaking okay I approve it ok I
approve it okay what I was criticizing okay
was that she was leaving that she was going to look like that
okay like that no longer like that no longer like that with this
chura connects for you short with the
heads with the one with the hips big
with a lot of head no like that
no because because she is not the same
she is not the same she has her personality
pretty conceited I don't know what okay I
approve the change they made her
take off this outfit although it wasn't at the
time with bad intentions either a
bad thing
but for example this scene is
unnecessary let's see if for me no for me a
very funny scene very funny but
no the movie is not for me the movie
for children
children words sex totally never
have to be linked you understand me
excess excess excess excess excess if you don't see
anything wrong with
the change that they have tested
what I was complaining about was that the
change I think it's going to be much more
okay and that's why I said the weird ones since they
don't put hair under her armpits that they
said a lot  people there died a
rabbit has hair already well but this is
a rabbit like in the word
oh how do you say it
as it was the word uncle do
n't you see the word now god
anthropomorphic that is supposed to be the
human medium that has
human features and carrying then of course I
said it as I could have said the weirdos
that they don't put purple hair do you
understand what I was complaining about was
why were they changing everything and
why not but well I understand I
understand it doesn't seem like a change or
exaggerated it doesn't seem like a sacred change
okay it continues maintaining the same body it
just avoids
unnecessary scenes and unnecessary clothing let's see if
I can do better a movie that is
rated for
ages 13 and up well I don't see anything wrong with that
scene either the truth is a drawing and you
know but messi is a song a
movie for all audiences
yes the wta yes
remake of the mythical movie from the
90s space jam which I suppose for those of you who were
not born in the cetacean like
me that name will not mean look the
recommended age for space jam 14 years
and over  so it's not necessarily for
children
so it
always wins maybe the rating
is giving them away now but
anyway although this movie is the 1st I ca
n't find where the
age rating is but well if you
tell me that from 13 then I believe it
but although this movie has that
age rating what they want to
change would be because they want the
second one to be for all audiences not
the recommended age is 14 years but the
rating for all audiences is
but well anyway the fact is
that it doesn't seem like a change to me no to me the
change that they made doesn't seem like a
disproportionate change nor do I think it
's a change that changes anything in the
character or in the trajectory of the
movie what bothered me was
that I thought that the change was going to
be very big and unnecessary or it
was like these or I see it well and it
had to be like this nothing but tell you that it
was a movie with a
basketball theme and that it mixed
recorded images of human beings with cartoons
basically with covers and
exactly that specifically from a
fairly emblematic movie that was
called lola directo in fact this
inciso d are totally necessary let's
go to the video where we were going like this
for lola lola was the only one, she was a character that
[ __ ] of course it's not true but of course
at that time Carlos was putting
the example of the six
then the sailor moon I'm going to measure
clarified the and the very would be totally
unthinkable
totally unthinkable
some dolls like that like that her
dresses would rise up her panties could be seen that
totally unthinkable at any
moment cancel do nobita nobi is
bending down to see sugar's panties
arianespace and it was quite quite
different the characters her design was
more anthropological than the others
many curves and curves and many
disproportionately adult for a
children's film
in a kids' area because it is
very bad for your health and it has gone through
that character and with the space jam
because a few days ago the
new design of this character came out adapted
to what are the norms of the
21st century, that is to say her ra and the corrector
changed it for me xd we
all have our shitty opinion
because it is very important for
humanity  sometimes people just I
swear we could say so much you can
hardly see what was drawn in the trailer
that we saw that's what I'm saying
people were shocked by this because
this didn't fit like this the rabbit was a
certain way why do you have to change it
no less striking much more
adapted to the design of the film in addition
to sticking to reality how
the players dress bances for juan
real sport match where it was going to be a
sub-zero match
this was a lantern
this new design sector
but this is even more this I had not
seen anyone so bomb also from
birth but we are talking about
that design that by the way to the design that is being
done all over the world the
original design for people is not even
informed of what it is talking about but this work
was in a children's film it does
n't seem bad to me either removing the
scene is everyone's drooling the one who
is dressed like that it doesn't seem bad to me
that to an adult audience, that is to say
with the sole intention of satisfying
desires it was anything else I don't think it
was with bad intentions I think that I
think the intention was not bad I
think the intention was the truth no  it is not
indicative of anything it is not
freedom of expression it is nothing it is
marketing to bring in a sector of the
population that wants to see that it is good it
is wrong as it has helped me it does not have to
be that way in a movie in a movie for
children and he tells me that the fight is from
13 years old around there like but that it was arroyo
rabbi the field of vision has forgotten the
age let's see if they don't also cancel
Master Roshi from 'dragon ball' that would be
the worst thing hahaha well 'dragon ball'
is totally canceled it is no longer there and
what is it then when
today if the design of a character changes
as in this case it is done with the same
intention collection of basically a
character is the most appropriate to the
target audience that was being
targeted and if it is a movie that
is aimed at a child audience and
that does not have a need
was the adult audience because we are going to see
this movie out of nostalgia
the
disproportionate design to a
cartoon character focused on a
child audience it is not that difficult to
understand the new design and the face I am
very surprised that people like Roma
shut up who also did not have it for the
albert einstein of our generation
but I don't know with a little judgment if I
saw him make tweets like the following the
new hybrid for the movie spies am
before the album and now I don't know if I should
call it francisco's side to feminism and
offends active bodies and that's why it
screws up the original image of a movie
I imagine that the next rule of the
next one
and I totally agree with the tweet
that he posted is like if you start
saying that realize how insulting
those people are because you can take it and
argue hey look the movie
is for children okay and there was nobody there was
nobody at the time put a
screenshot of that scene that we saw
today of everyone showing the
around the bunny not to me if they had shown me
that scene I would have
said
this scene was left over this would be left over now
if they showed me the image of the bunny as they
were tea as it was now there is a little bit
of video in your progressivism in giving
classes and there is something that was right in
plans in its day is that the laser is
always progressive even friends to me what you
put me if  remember the movie from
having seen it twenty years ago no,
what turns me on is the bunny as she was
before and how she is now and the reasons why they are
going to change I say [ __ ] on
the [ __ ] they are taking away everything they
are taking away everything and it loses how
insulting they are that the argument of
why of all the progressives on the internet
has been that the argument is that you
walk around with the bunny no what is being
criticized is that they took a
character that had a style and they
completely changed her into Anna with her
head like that with with her body like that
short with the hips like that because
because it was supposed to be like that with her
conceited personality I don't know if you had
shown me that scene then I would have
understood it but no the argument
was that you walk around with the bunny it's not
that you go too far of course it's that in my
opinion we don't have to be with
him now if we take into account all
progressivism and all feminism the
cartoons just like the
adidas ad okay instead of
showing the top people are
dying of disgust  with the hair under
that lady's armpits okay if we trust
progressivism and take into account everything
that needs to change the
cartoons will be with purple hair with
purple hair under their armpits and there
are no things that there are no things that have their
grace they are as they are and that's it and the
important thing is the intention now if you
put me that yes if it is that if you put me the
same not in a way it's not that it happens to you with
the rabbit well I'm going to tell you the
opposite maybe it's that
feminists are removing
that figure in the rabbit because it makes me
envious because they want to normalize that
bodies are as you say and that
beauty is as you well
the angels you have in video you the
rabbit you don't understand me but when
things are seen with arguments with
images because things change and are
spoken about you understand and that's what I'm telling you
in the end it has been something logical for me
not an exaggerated change by removing what was
necessary for me it was the 90s britney
spears sang about sex with 17
exactly exactly for me they have
changed what was fair and necessary what  they
had to change
for me the necessary tastes have changed
what had to change
but the complaint was that it was expected that the
change is going to be much weaker
rome by someone coherent but I like it
because it assumes that it is a decision of
feminism and not simply a
marketing decision because you believe that the
illustrators or designers of
20 years ago were freer than those of today in
1926 the designer who came out as
feminism claims today does
many more things absolutely
we all like everything that happens in the world and to
attribute feminism as the sole cause
of all the evils in this society in
this case is not even evil it is
simply that we will not be able to move
the sardine seeing the ammunition because it
is not that those who were celebrating the
change of the work nor was it finally
finally the stereotype of
women is normalized they are the same nonsense
women with this type of tributes well
no the aesthetic and design decisions are
made taking into account the tastes
of the majority of the people at the time
that the work is done and with this it
means that if the studio that has done the
film considers that for
its film to do well the design has to be
extra for some reason I say it will be because
maybe the trends and tastes
generationally are changing or have
changed but reality is trying
to the right without having maybe
I do not imagine thank you very much
if I have I bet on the new one
basically because it seems much more
the film for me
if the film was for over 13 14
years old but ready teenager I do not see
anything wrong with the old one okay but if the
film for children what they have removed is
perfect it
seems to me something very close to
reality sincerely but I will also
say that I will not demonize the criticisms as much
as what is a
cartoon I do not think it is necessary to start
the third world war put looney
tunes I will also say that not everything is the
fault of feminism that
things simply change and advance both
aesthetic canons and murals it is
something that fluctuates over time and
works of expression are representations
of some intention was to draw a
normal female character in a
film in the 90s or 80s I don't know
when it was filmed and that's it what happens is
that we are in 2021
you start looking for the logic okay the
logic to why a character is sexy in
a movie for children there does
n't have to be a sexy character in
a movie for children you know what I mean is I do
n't know if I have it on bluray
if I had it on bluray we would see the
age rating but the reason
champion was a look two eras
I think that times change things change
and these are things that I
like that times change I see it as
logical that times change as long as it is
done better okay what I don't
like are exaggerated things okay but of
course maybe I have one concept of
what is exaggerated and other people
have another one that's it